https://youtu.be/zzHCP8EA4a4<br>
<br>
Hello, everyone who wants to watch my self-introduction! I apologize for my voice - right before recording the interview, I caught a cold.<br><br>
What can I tell you about myself? My name is Ann, I'm 23 years old. I have completed a five-year higher education. I graduated from the Faculty of Biology of the Belarusian State University. Currently I work in my specialty. Unfortunately, the reality of working in science did not coincide with my ideas about it, and I decided to try myself in something completely different. For a long time I assessed my capabilities, desires, and looked at information about various professions. I wanted to find a profession that would be interesting to me, provide an opportunity for career development, and at the same time remain relevant for a long time. Ultimately, I settled on a Front-end developer.<br><br>
Why did I choose this direction and programming in general? For a long time I avoided this profession, even though I consider myself a geek. I've been used to spending a lot of time at the computer since childhood, when I was very interested in computer games. For example, at the university I spent a lot of time at the computer writing essays, reading textbooks. Programming, until recently, seemed to me like something very difficult, something that I probably wouldn’t be able to learn. But over time, I realized that it was definitely worth at least trying.<br><br>
Why Front-end? I think there were two main reasons for this. Firstly, I was attracted by the creative side of this specialty. The process of creating a working and absolutely unique website simply from nothing, assembling it literally from pieces of code is very exciting for me! Secondly, I liked that there are a large number of sources of information for learning JS - you can always find the answer to almost any question either in the documentation or using Google.<br><br>
I completed a course in HTML and CSS on Udemy, then started studying JS at RS School. Unlike layout, I periodically had problems with JS that took a long time to solve with the help of Google. Also, there is a lot of new information, each one needs to be understood and started to be used almost immediately after studying, which is also not easy. Sometimes it can be difficult to combine personal life, work and study, but I always try to plan the next two weeks in advance, this helps me to do almost everything I want.<br><br>
However, despite all the difficulties, I like to solve these problems, find my own solutions, and simply - constantly learn something new. I hope that my current learning experience will help me take this path to the end and become a truly good front-end developer.